schema from string (#10)
primait/csv_schema: README.md

  use Csv.Schema
  alias Csv.Schema.Parser

>   schema path: "path/to/person.csv" do

Reviewer: Could we do it backwards-compatible? So that if you do not specify anything it is the same as specifing `path`

Author: It's already backward-compatible because of the last match in csv_schema.ex that works as the older version

end
```

> Is possible to define the schema with `string: ` param in order to directly use a string to geerate content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to define the schema with `string: ` param in order to directly use a string to generate content
```

Author: Done

```elixir
...
@content """
id,first_name,last_name,email,gender,ip_address,date_of_birth
1,Ivory,Overstreet,ioverstreet0@businessweek.com,Female,30.138.91.62,10/22/2018
2,Ulick,Vasnev,uvasnev1@vkontakte.ru,Male,35.15.164.70,01/19/2018
3,Chloe,Freemantle,cfreemantle2@parallels.com,Female,133.133.113.255,08/13/2018
"""

> schema string: @content do

Reviewer: Maybe `content` is better then `string`?

Author: Changed with `data`
